Update contact-pstn-service-desk.md (#3931)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/manage-phone-numbers-for-your-organization/contact-pstn-service-desk.md

ROBOTS: NOINDEX, NOFOLLOW
description: "When you are getting phone numbers or porting (transferring) numbers for your organization, you may need to get help and support at the PSTN service desk."
---
# PSTN Service Desk Contact

> If you need help with acquiring/getting or transferring/porting telephone numbers to us but need assistance please let us know how we can help you by sending us an email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need help with acquiring/getting or transferring/porting telephone numbers to us but need assistance, please let us know how we can help you by sending us an email.
```

> In your email request, please include as many details as you can such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your email request, please include as many details as you can, such as:
```

>   - Your Organization ID (Tenant ID) or active domains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Your Organization ID (Tenant ID) or active domains.
```

>   - What types of numbers you need help with (User/Subscriber, Service/Toll or Toll-Free)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - What types of numbers you need help with (User/Subscriber, Service/Toll, or Toll-Free).
```

>   - How many numbers you require (if this is for number acquisition)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - How many numbers you require (if this is for number acquisition).
```

>   - Authorizing person on the account and other important details based on your request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Authorizing person on the account and other important details based on your request.
```

> Once you have all the info, send us your request to one the following email addresses where your request falls into:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have all the information, send us your request to one the following email addresses that is applicable to your request:
```

- **Number Porting**

>     - Porting telephone numbers **inside the U.S. or Canada**, [please send us an email at ptn@microsoft.com](mailto:ptn@microsoft.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Porting telephone numbers **inside the United States or Canada**, [please send us an email at ptn@microsoft.com](mailto:ptn@microsoft.com).
```

>     - Porting telephone numbers **outside the U.S. or Canada**, [please send us an email at ptneu@microsoft.com](mailto:ptneu@microsoft.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Porting telephone numbers **outside the United States or Canada**, [please send us an email at ptneu@microsoft.com](mailto:ptneu@microsoft.com).
```

    
- **Number Acquisition**

>     - Acquiring new telephone numbers for any of the following countries: **Belgium, France, Germany, Great Britain, Ireland, Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland**, [please send us an email at ptneu@microsoft.com](mailto:ptneu@microsoft.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Acquiring new telephone numbers for any of the following countries: **Belgium, France, Germany, Great Britain, Ireland, Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland**, [please send us an email at ptneu@microsoft.com].(mailto:ptneu@microsoft.com)
```

>     - Acquiring new telephone numbers for the **Rest of the World** , [please send us an email at gcstnmsd@microsoft.com](mailto:gcstnmsd@microsoft.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Acquiring new telephone numbers for the **Rest of the World** , [please send us an email at gcstnmsd@microsoft.com](mailto:gcstnmsd@microsoft.com).
```
